[ANE-282] Make native scanner default scanner, and deprecate syft [1/3] (#1077)
fossas/fossa-cli: docs/references/subcommands/container.md

# Explicit remote image via docker.your-org.com
fossa container analyze docker.your-org.com/project/image
```
You can provide, `--only-system-deps` to only analyze dependencies originating from following package managers:

- dpkg
- rpm
- alpine

> > Performing `fossa container analyze <IMAGE> --only-system-deps` will match scanner behaviour that of
> > previous FOSSA container scanner (same as all CLI prior to v3.5.0)

Reviewer: This sounds a little clunky, maybe something like this. I think its the "that of" part throwing me off.

```suggestion
> Performing `fossa container analyze <IMAGE> --only-system-deps` will match the behavior of
> the previous FOSSA CLI container scanner (same as all CLI prior to v3.5.0)
```
